---
title: Functions should've been on the right | 函数应该被放在右边
layout: blog
tags: ["jokes", "language"]
---

Apparently, putting function on the left of variables, like this:

$$f(x)$$

is a huge mistake made by previous mathematicians. the correct order should be:

$$(x)f$$

## 1

Among all possible word orders (Subject-Verb-Object, etc.) in natural languages in the world, 45% of them are in **Subject-Objec-Verb** order, being the greatest proportion.

If we consider subject and object as independent variables and the verb as the function (as in sentence *"1 plus 2"*), then for the majority of people in the world, function coming after the variables is easier to understand.

## 2

in most programming languages, function name comes before the variables. For example in C:

```c
int add(int a, int b) {
    return a + b;
}

add(1, 2);
```

However, in some more recent programming languages such as julia and rust, **pipeline operation** becomes more and more popular. Pipeline operation puts function name after the variables.

```julia
julia> [1, 4, 5, 6, 2, 7] |> sort
6-element Vector{Int64}:
 1
 2
 4
 5
 6
 7
```

## 3

Even pure mathematically, the statement also makes sence.

In most cases, operators goes from left to right if there is no parenthesis:

$$X\cap Y\cup Z = (X\cap Y)\cup Z$$

However, for combination of functions, the operation goes from right to left:

$$(f\circ g\circ h)(x) = f(g(h(x)))$$

Here the function $h$ is calculated first, then function $g$, then function $f$. If the functions are put on the right, the order of combination will be consistent with other operators.

$$(x)(h\circ g\circ f) = (((x)h)g)f$$
